v0.42.0 release notes - QSVT/QSP Angle Solver and OpenQasm (#7812)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/releases/changelog-0.42.0.md

<h4>QSVT & QSP angle solver for large polynomials 🕸️</h4>

Effortlessly perform QSVT and QSP with polynomials of large degrees, using our new iterative angle solver.

* A new iterative angle solver for QSVT and QSP is available in the :func:`poly_to_angles <pennylane.poly_to_angles>` function,

>   allowing angle computation for polynomials of large degrees (> 1000).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  designed for angle computation for polynomials with degrees larger than 1000.
```

  [(6694)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/6694)

  Simply set `angle_solver="iterative"` in the :func:`poly_to_angles  <pennylane.poly_to_angles>` function to use it.

  ```python
  import pennylane as qml
  import numpy as np

  # P(x) = x - 0.5 x^3 + 0.25 x^5
  poly = np.array([0, 1.0, 0, -1/2, 0, 1/4])

  qsvt_angles = qml.poly_to_angles(poly, "QSVT", angle_solver="iterative")
  ```

  ```pycon
  >>> print(qsvt_angles)
  [-4.72195208  1.59759022  1.12953398  1.12953403  1.59759046 -0.00956271]
  ```

>   This functionality can also be accessed directly from :func:`qml.qsvt <pennylane.qsvt>`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This functionality can also be accessed directly from :func:`qml.qsvt <pennylane.qsvt>` with the same keyword argument:
```

<h4>OpenQASM 🤝 PennyLane</h4>

> PennyLane now offers improved support for [OpenQASM](https://openqasm.com/),
> including the ability to convert between PennyLane and OpenQASM circuits.

Reviewer: Slight nuance here! PL has had QASM 2.0 functionality for a while (see https://docs.pennylane.ai/en/stable/code/api/pennylane.from_qasm.html). The functionality in this release is partially for 3.0 and 2.0 support. To avoid confusion, I might just remove the opening statement and let the individual entries to the talkin'

```suggestion
```
